Add security warning to readme (#34)
ssbc/private-group-spec: README.md

3. - same
4. supports privacy fiendly disclosing of message content
   - all internal cypherlinks are "cloaked"

## Security considerations

> While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this spec is not fit for use in safety critical situations. The specification has not been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a bugfree spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this spec is not fit for use in safety critical situations. The specification has not been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a bug-free spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal, such as "forward secrecy".
```
